um he's a nut I mean he's a deep deep
nut on a one-on-one level I I like him
you know
my tolerance for crazy people is I think
is high a tolerance as you're ever going
to find I love being around David Allan
Coe I would have loved to hang out with
Tiny Tim I can listen to Sun Raw on a
tape recording grant uh I have it's not
patience it's love for people who are
live outside the law and Glenn Beck is
that I mean I compared Glenn Beck mostly
to Abbie Hoffman you know when I was a
child I would read Woodstock Nation and
steal this book and I didn't really
agree with very much of any of it
because it was essentially socialist and
collectivist and didn't really ring true
for me but I love the way he did it I
love the outrageous poetry of it and I
love that my arguments with my dad about
it where my dad thought he was a
dangerous nut and I thought he was a fun
nut and my arguments about Glenn Beck
are exactly the same as he'd have with
my dad about Abbie Hoffman I'm so upset
that someone else compared him to happy
Hoffman publicly before I Diggs I've
been telling all my friends liberals do
misunderstand it they liberals think the
medium is the message
and I believe the message is the message
and I had Tommy smothers tear me apart
for going on Glenn Beck and he was right
Tommy smothers was 100% right he said
that by going on I gave some credence
and support some very bad ideas I think
it's exactly right Tommy smothers is a
hero of mine I think he's completely
right to bust me on that and I think I'm
also completely right to say but you
should go on shows you don't agree and
tell the truth as you see it I think
that's also completely right
he said to me does not say to me this on
air but he said to me
ah fair if Hitler had a talk show you
would go on it
and I answered yes and I tried to tell
the truth and I think that's you know
what I went on Glenn Beck I argue them
again gay rights
I argue about Mormonism I agree with
Glenn Beck on a few things
those aren't the things I talked about
when I went on the show I went on in
order to argue but it is misunderstood
and I think that I mean my appearance is
misunderstood that wasn't your question
the question was his he misunderstood
there's something I see done with Howard
Stern I went to Howard Stern have done
dozens and dozens maybe hundreds of
hours on Howard Stern
I'm not a big Howard Stern listener but
if you listen to Howard Stern every day
you develop a deep context for who
Howard Stern is what's important to him
what's important to Robin what his
morality is what his relationships are
what his heart is and I'm not talking
about listening for a week I'm talking
about listening to Howard Stern for
months and I'm not talking about you
know a dozen hours over a month I'm
doing about hundreds of hours you know
you get to know Howard Stern and when he
says something it's automatically in a
very deep and very big context and when
someone who hates Howard Stern there are
plenty of them pull something out of
context even if you get the context
either they play you fifteen minutes
before and after you're really missing
the context and I think and I don't
listen to glenn beck very much so I
don't know but I think with someone like
Glenn Beck if you listen every day
you understand that the rage is also
tempered the outrageous things are
tempered with a certain kind of humanity
and certain kinds of other that I
disagree with them on a lot of things
but I'm just saying that there's a full
person there and I think what we often
forget when we're reading media you know
you pick up a paper and read this is
what Obama said it up that you forget
that there is not the context of the
quote but the context of the
public figure and I think that with
Abbie Hoffman when you'd read something
about revolution in the violent
overthrow of the United States
government unless you'd seen all the
pranks and the playfulness and the fun
and the sexiness all kind of rolled in
you couldn't possibly understand that
now you're also not supposed to because
these are all grown-ups and the Howard
Stern knows he'll be taken out of
context Abbie Hoffman knew that Glenn
Beck knew that so they do have a
responsibility but for me once you
listen to somebody a lot on radio or on
TV you develop a relationship with them
that's not entirely different from I got
this crackpot uncle and he said this
thing about how guns should be carried
by deer so that they can defend
themselves and you kind of laugh about
it and everybody you're talking to knows
that crazy uncle and they know what he
does at Christmastime you know and they
know that at Thanksgiving he was dancing
in a hula skirt and they know all this
and they also know that when their car
broke down at 3:00 in the morning that
was the uncle that showed up you know
they know all those things and I think
that with public figures they're not
supposed to be given that much leeway
but I still do you know I still read
something Howard Stern said and even if
it's directly contrary to something I
believed I never think well Howard's
evil you know because I know he's not
evil I know he's a good guy and even
when Glenn Beck says stuff that's
reprehensible I say well I sat in a room
with Glenn he's not he's not trying to
kill people he's not hurting children
he's just thank him and sometimes he's
thinking half-assed you know so yeah I
do think he's sometimes taken out of
context but I think that's also part of
his job and it's okay
you